docs: add more .net samples (#1570)
microsoft/SynapseML: README.md

### C# (.NET)

To try out SynapseML with .NET, please follow the [.NET Installation Guide](website/docs/reference/dotnet-setup.md).

> Note: Some stages including AzureSearchWriter, DiagnosticInfo, UDPyF Param, ParamSpaceParam, BallTreeParam,
> ConditionalBallTreeParam, LightGBMBooster Param are still under development and not exposed in .NET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that some classes including the `AzureSearchWriter`, `DiagnosticInfo`, `UDPyFParam`, `ParamSpaceParam`, `BallTreeParam`, `ConditionalBallTreeParam`, `LightGBMBoosterParam` are still under development and not exposed in .NET yet.
```
